hey guys so in today's video we are
going to be going through shopping we're
here at a goodwill in South Carolina on
our vacation and so we're just going to
go through shopping and I'm super
excited because I usually have about
super button stuff so here guys
all right stocked up huh oh you look
like a laundry person I'm an earlier I
was like walking back trying to give an
update which I'm bad at whenever I'm
like shopping or something and there's I
start talking I go hey guys so and then
there was just an old man that looks of
it I'm like oh nice slowly for the
camera down like back away like goodbye
hey guys so welcome to the second part
of this video which is the actual like
Tryon part of this dirty haul so I'm
actually obviously I'm back home in Ohio
but I've got this huge thing of clothes
that we're gonna be going through the
first thing I have is this super cute
it's like a pencil skirt it's just gray
and it's a really nice length I really
like that about it it's not too short
it's not too long it's kind of like
right in that sweet spot it's just a
nice staple color and it'll go with
pretty much anything so this is the
other pencil skirt which is a little bit
shorter but it's still like a pretty
good line that's still like Pitts around
the top of the knee and it's black and
there's not much else to say about it I
really like stable pieces like this you
can dress up or down just sure that I'm
wearing here it says Seahawks on it I
love this color it's super cute and I
think it's really flattering I was also
looking for like graphic t-shirts that
were like on the cuter side because I
wear efy t-shirts every single day and I
was kind of sick of that and sick of in
every video having an efy t-shirt on so
try to switch it up a little bit and get
a couple new ones so this one is sand
shark pride
I think it's um like school or something
but I thought it was like have fun like
super soft comfy t-shirt and it was
$2.00 so can't be back the next thing is
these pants they're just super flowy
they've got like a tighter ankle you
wear them to bed you can wear them to
town if you you style it up with like a
cute top and like a cardigan these okay
you're gonna notice a trend throughout
this video and the trend is that I
bought a ton of fall stuff and that's
just because I liked what they had there
I wasn't searching for like summer
clothes I was searching for clothes that
were cute we only go to this store once
a year so I'm not going to just not get
fall stuff just because it's summer I'm
gonna get whatever clothes are cute so
these pants are a little bit crazy for
me but it's got like the hatching I
don't know if that's gold
it's got like that very fall pattern
it's not it's kind of like a plaid type
thing and it's got this cinch waist
which is a little funky but I think if
it's styled correctly it looks super
cute another thing um read your tags
guys read the tags and make sure that
your clothes are not dryclean only
before you put them in the washer I'm so
dumb I was trying some of these on the
other day I was like just going through
and like oh this is cute I put this one
thing on that I was like so excited
about getting and I was like oh I'm
gonna try that on again also my mom
hated it because it was a men's large
yeah that's not a men's large anymore
this is like small on me now and I'm so
sad it was so cozy it was like oversized
and so this is another thing that I got
but it's still pretty comfy and I think
it looks really cute it fits my body
better now it's not as no cozy the next
thing is also dryclean only this is like
a the classic fall orange and it's got a
turtleneck I don't own any turtlenecks
I got quite a few links from this
goodwill okay again with the t-shirt
trend here I don't own any long-sleeved
t-shirts so I found this one it's a
purple color which is good because I was
looking for kind of more fun colors and
so this is what I came up with one thing
I don't usually like though on t-shirts
is the pockets so I might end up taking
it off so I'm not sure if I'm gonna do
that yet but I have done that in the
past so we'll see this next thing I
thought was super cool it reminds me
like a racer person but it's just
literally just like a jumpsuit it's not
right a sweat suit I don't even know
it's some kind of suit there were pants
to it but I only wanted the jacket I
think this could be super cool for
photos and it's just comfortable too and
it looks good so you can toss this over
anything any plain thing cuz as your
outfit up here's another skirt this
doesn't fit me as well as it could so
I'm going to alter this this one just
has these super cute buttons on the
front again it's just like another
pencil skirt I don't know apparently
it's the season of pencil skirts but I
love these buttons on the front I think
they're so cute
this next thing that is probably one of
the things I'm most excited about
getting it's just this mock neck red
sweater which I think will be so cute
for winter and also I think this would
look good with like a jean jacket or
something over top here's another one of
our victims are dryclean only victims
this looked so good it's just this
really cute navy blue sweater it's super
comfortable it feels super nice I got a
couple pairs of shorts because they fit
me really well another thing is I go to
this camp where your shorts seem to
literally they have to come like right
here it's hot outside
and I don't I literally don't know how
people wear jeans when it's hot outside
like I physically cannot do that so all
these girls are wearing jeans and I know
they probably look better but I'm not
sacrificing like I sweat so bad like I
just sweat so bad so it's like I can
either be like less hot and less sweaty
and wear shorts which you know look good
I think
they look fine are you my jeans and
literally be looks like I jumped out of
a pool and these ones look more in denim
and these shorts do remind me of mom
shorts you know what I'm a future mother
so I'm okay with that and then I have
another pair which are pretty much the
exact same thing next up we've got a
pair of a do use drugs these are just
pretty so splintery another mock neck
and I think my mixer so cute and it's a
basic but I don't have a lot of basics
honestly so we've got another turtleneck
this one it is nice and thick it feels
pretty heavy so it'll be nice for winter
just a black turtleneck not much else to
say we're at the beach we got this so
this is like my my Hawaiian side of me
like I think Hawaiian man shirts are
cute okay there it is I couldn't find
like an actual wine shirt there it has
like like see-through pieces I don't
know it's kind of crazy but I feel like
I could
alright this shirt my mom hates I can
understand why like it's kind of ugly
it's kind of pretty ugly but I gotta
like it do so um this is oh that looks
so bad okay this is like a purple
collared shirt this shirt with
high-waisted black leggings and like Air
Force Ones or white shoes I don't even
own anything like that so this is just
like my imagination I know it's probably
like a really basic outfit this is one
of the kind so you can't call it basic
anyway so that's this polo shirt this I
am so excited about I just think it it
just looks so cozy so this is a sea
pines like I don't know if these are
called sweater thing it's a men's medium
I love the color of this I think this
looks so cute for fall and winter so
okay guys so this pretty much concludes
my video I hope you enjoyed I think the
lesson that we've all learned today is
to check your tags and make sure your
clothes are not dryclean only
so I really hope you
enjoyed this video if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe button down below if you're
new yeah I'm just in a good mood now
alright guys so I will see you in my
next video bye they need Miyabi
underneath the bar
[Music]